remaining packer content (#13285)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/commands/inspect.mdx

---
description: >

>   The `packer inspect` command outputs the components defined in a template so that you can learn about a template manually reviewing the HCL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `packer inspect` command outputs the variables, builders, and provisioners a template uses, letting you review the template without studying the HCL configuration.
```
